Title: MEAN Stack Tutorials SRS and Retrospective
Date: May 3, 2016
Author: Jason Rice
Version: 1.0

* Requirements Overview *
The following is a list of functional requirements fulfilled within the proposal documents (see revisions):

1. Code coverage over 50% demonstrated throughout controllers and services.
2. User credentials protected and securely stored.
3. User registration capability where users must first register before logging in.
4. User login capability availabe to registered users.
5. Angular UI and directives tutorials provided with live demonstrations for Angular UI with Bootstrap.
6. MEAN server side overview setup provided.
6. MEAN client side and testing overview setup provided.
7. MEAN source code task automation tutorial and files provided.
8. MEAN tests provided and enforced via build tasks.
9. Versioning information provided within the web application history modal.
10. FAQ modal provided.
11. Bootstrap enhanced UI including tooltips, modals, alerts, and wells.
12. Web security enforced through self signed certificates. App capable of loading through HTTP and HTTPS (SSL).
13. Sources to external directives and components cited.
14. Thoroughly documented modules for developers to read from.
15. Angular routing file setup and thoroughly documented. Enforces security by ensuring users must first log in
    to view any of the pages.

Retrospective:
   This Independent Studies course provided me with a first-hand opportunity to learn more about MEAN web development.
MEAN is a very attractive set of technologies for web implementation, and understanding the intricies of MEAN is in
high demand in the software development industry and at my work location (US Gov). I was able to take real world problems
such as UI component testing, and learn more about that through independent research. I will now be able to continually
refer to this project and enhance it to further understand MEAN and Angular. Learning MEAN and Angular have set me
apart in my work office, as an individual who possesses highly valuable skills in web development. MEAN is setup for
rapid prototyping and rapid web development. Knowing what I know now I can quickly setup web components by leveraging
MEAN. In the coming weeks and months the team I'm working with will benefit from my recent discoveries as I will be
updating their version of Angular from 1.2.x to 1.5.x and will be implementing Karma-Jasmine based tests. I will also
be applying Express and Electrolyte Inversion of Control and possibly Mongoose schema-oriented models. Having undertaken
this independent study I'm now confident enough to engage this work with little to no help at work. I am currently
the leading UI engineer on my team and my team has high expectations for my recent discoveries that I will shortly apply.
